how's it going?
How much will it cost this time?
How much is it this time? How much is it this time? How much is it this time?
What do you want to buy? Let’s go buy, buy, buy,
You know if you can buy it with this money,
Leave it to the house outside my shop.
What? Buy a house?
This money can be taken away from the land.
People who will die when their bodies are lifted,
If the quality is good, what's the use?
I can handle this money.
Take this and remember to buy a house for you.
This isn't appropriate.
There is no way to live like this,
Let you get some money, the opportunity is extremely unexpected.
When we get married, I will use mine to help you buy a house.
Now you want to use my money to buy a house for your brother
Let us lock you up tomorrow